ENH Adds lazy module at the top level (#29793)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/whats_new/v1.6.rst

  More details in :ref:`estimator_tags`.
  :pr:`22606` by `Thomas Fan`_ and :pr:`29677` by `Adrin Jalali`_.

- |Enhancement| Scikit-learn classes and functions can be imported from the root

>   `sklearn` module. :pr:`29793` by `Thomas Fan`_.

Reviewer: I find the formulation a bit misleading. One can think that he can now do `from sklearn import LogisticRegression`.

> - |Enhancement| Scikit-learn classes and functions can be imported from the root
>   `sklearn` module. :pr:`29793` by `Thomas Fan`_.

Reviewer 2: I agree with @lesteve . 

```suggestion
- |Enhancement| Scikit-learn classes and functions can be used while only having a
  `import sklearn` import line. For example, `import sklearn; sklearn.svm.SVC()` now works.
  :pr:`29793` by `Thomas Fan`_.
```

  More details in :ref:`estimator_tags`.
  :pr:`22606` by `Thomas Fan`_ and :pr:`29677` by `Adrin Jalali`_.

> - |Enhancement| Scikit-learn classes and functions can be used while only having a

Reviewer 3: You will need to add a fragment in `doc/whats_new/upcoming_changes/many-modules/29793.enhancement.rst` and have the following entry:

```
- Scikit-learn classes and functions can be used while only having a
  `import sklearn` import line. For example, `import sklearn; sklearn.svm.SVC()` now works.
  By :user:`Thomas Fan <thomasjpfan>`.
```
